hey guys in doing review on a couple
apps now on the android market most of
them are free i think there's one might
have that isn't i'm starting off with
pandora radio this is the free version
and you just what you do is your search
the artist and you get the artist you
it's this wiz khalifa should play stay
will see you just play it and you could
go go back with that and search add one
just type in you know the yardage that
you want
all right then it's got pretty good
quality it's fast you know it doesn't
ever force close or anything next one is
3g watchdog all it is is uh basically an
app that monitors your 3g internet usage
when you're not on Wi-Fi and as you can
see you know i haven't used much because
I'm usually on Wi-Fi and that's all that
you could you can set it for like
megabytes and you know you set your
quota that you have for the month like
two megabytes or two gigabytes I mean
and you know it monitors how much used
and it notifies you when you're going
getting close to the limit alright the
next app is well it's a game unblock me
free and what it is is a game where you
try to get this this little block
over here through this hole you just
gotta keep sliding stuff to keep sliding
and you eventually get it good you know
I'm not going to do the whole thing I
want to bore you guys but that's all you
basically do is you unblock it it's
challenging you know it's fun next one
is aunt wobble and it sounds pretty
stupid but it's a really fun app it's
fun to mess around with what you do is
well I'm not going to show you any of my
pictures but what you do is you go in
and you take a picture of from your
library or you know you could take one
off your camera here we go these are the
ones they have on their their online
library basically what it does is it
makes an object wobble so you have the
book through while going it's pretty
cool
and that is a free app the one that was
the women to pay out and I don't have
any paid apps right now all right this
this next one is slacker radio it's just
just like Pandora just it is wrong here
oh I actually clicked upgrade
it's like a radio just like Pandora
except it has its own preset radio
stations like hip-hop and R&B and
country and rock and rap and you know
i'm not going to go into that too much
because it's basically the same as the
other thing you can search stuff and
this one where my favorite is Shazam
spelled with a Z I think yeah all right
well we do is you press the big s type
thing in the middle and it listens and
when it's done it will ID the song
that's playing you know if you're in a
store or a club or something and you
want to your song it's interesting you
don't know the name of it you want to
bookmark it you could hit the song book
market and you know you can download it
from pin or amazon and the mantra that
i'm using right now is the go launcher
pro i think and the theme that i have is
the iphone theme as you can see by the
little iphone themed boxes
and you know there's the app drawer
slides horizontal instead of vertical
and another thing I like about go
launcher is you could take all the
running apps all the things that are
running in the background and just close
them all and that's without and you
could have like I think it's up to I
think I forget what it was the thing was
like 37 altogether slides you know I
mean and you know you could have as low
as just one which is what I have because
I don't have too many apps that I use a
lot and that's about it guys and another
thing that i wanted to show is its ultra
favs pro or ultra favs light i can't
remember what it's called it's ultra
faves and this is what it is it's your
favorite apps you just check them when
you you know install the application and
like a 3d effect you can make it go
faster and slower you know like does it
they're setting and you just watch
whatever you want
once there you go okay now it's not
working hold on
lunch Facebook
there we go
and that's about it guys thanks for
watching and in case you're wondering
the felon i'm using is the pantech
crossover for AT&T so that's about it
thanks comment like subscribe and let me
know if you want to see more videos
thank you and goodbye